cool so welcome thank you
i think someone asked me a loaded
question about what i thought about
polyamorous relationships i don't know
if you heard my answer
wait what was your answer my answer was
i haven't seen many that are or i
haven't seen really any that are very
successful but there's a big selection
bias because the people who tend to come
to me tend to be unhappy with something
right so all the happy people in
polyamorous relationships probably never
end
walk in my door i think i think it all
depends on what the relationship
is like right like sure that too
like there's like tons of relationships
that are monogamous that don't work out
either
absolutely yes i think it all depends on
like where the boundaries are and stuff
like that and like
i mean i feel like there definitely has
to be like more trust and stuff
in an open or polyamorous relationship
and
you need to like balance each other out
i think yeah
and if you don't yeah then it's gonna be
even worse probably than a monogamous
relationship
i think if there's like more of a
difference
yeah i think that's a really good point
that a lot of monogamous relationships
are [ __ ]
i think i feel like most relationships
are [ __ ] somehow
i think every every relationship has
something that is like not
very very wise words yeah
um but i mean if you ask people on the
internet especially like
twitch people on the internet maybe
don't really have a lot of experience
when it comes to relationships so when
they see that there's something that is
bad
they judge like everything like so hard
too so
yeah of course i don't think anyone is
like perfect do you feel like your
relationship is perfect
good god no no yeah and that's i am
i don't think people know that there's a
thing yeah yeah
thank you for having me again yeah i
think
april i think yes it was a while ago
yeah so tell me how have you been
um it's been like it's been good and bad
um after our last talk
i feel like it's been pretty good
because i
um i built my whole twitch carrier since
then basically so that's pretty cool
um congratulations yeah thank you that
was
yeah that was really nice it made me
really happy um i built like my own
community and everything so it was
really fun
i've traveled around in europe and stuff
and met friends and hung out with people
and stuff
um the pandemic and the long distance
relationship thing went on for about 10
months
that was really hard um
yeah and i think especially recently
maybe like the past
four or five months has been pretty hard
with people breaking my trust
okay and that's why i wanted to come
here now today
okay four to five months of people
breaking your trust sounds like a long
time
yeah i mean it's been it's been longer
than that it's just like the past five
months has been like
almost every single person almost
uh that i'm really really close friends
with that's
terrible yeah
what happened and i think i mean there's
i don't know i i just feel like
um
i just i feel like there's so many
people that i like that come like very
very close and i'm like a very open
like happy person that wants to let
people in i just want to have fun and
stuff like that
but whenever there's like something that
they're not getting in their way of
or um when they feel like they can get
something out of me
they don't give a [ __ ] about how i feel
anymore and they do something
and yeah i don't know i don't i don't
really understand like why they're doing
the things that they're doing and it's
it's like almost every single one
even people that i consider in my best
friends would do something really really
terrible
so let me just make sure i kind of
understood you so it seems like you know
you tend to
be pretty open you let people into your
life
um and that you've noticed recently that
people
if they can kind of get ahead in some
way they'll take advantage of your
openness
yeah and then like it it can
i don't know it just kind of like feels
like they don't give a [ __ ] and like and
when i
when i call them out on it or just
like explain like this like this really
[ __ ] hurts
they usually just wanna like blame it on
me or something or just say that i
should just take it and that i shouldn't
be sad about it and
and and like there's some cases where i
decide to just cut them off
and i just can't because it's too much
and i just feel like i don't want to be
around these people anymore because it
hurts so much
and then they're the ones that's like
always like messaging
and it's like trying i don't know
to like make me feel bad about how i'm
feeling maybe a little bit and then
um it feels like everyone is like acting
very selfish
and that they have they just like oh
yeah whatever like it's like that a
little bit about like how i feel about
things um or that they just don't give a
[ __ ]
um i had a person i think
a lot of people like that's watching
like knows what happened recently
but um i think the thing that hurts the
most from that situation was that i had
a person that i consider my best friend
um
just leaking logs of my deepest darkest
thoughts
to the whole world and
this is sounds like a pretty big
violation of your trust
yeah um
why would they do that i i don't know
that's i try to catch a question myself
if there if there's something i'm doing
wrong
well you know that's an interesting
question because um
so i'm not really hearing anything yet
but one thing that i have noticed molina
is that you know sometimes people will
say
everyone does this to me or there are a
lot of different people who do this to
me
and sometimes i kind of think a little
bit about
if there's a common conflict that you
have in multiple relationships
it's really important to think about
your contribution to that conflict
because the common element
that's what i'm trying to do like the
muslims if all of these people are doing
this and like i am the common like
aspect about everything that has to do
with me right um
yeah unfortunately sometimes that's true
yeah and figure that out
yeah so so like i'll give you just one
example of that okay so
even then it's not necessarily that it's
your fault
but like um you know i've worked with
women who end up in
and men so let's use an example of a man
i'm thinking about one person in
particular
who tends to end up in toxic and abusive
relationships like he gets into like
toxic and abusive relation girlfriend
after girlfriend after girlfriend
and um and you know they'll they'll be
like
like he'll like his last three
girlfriends have like physically abused
him
and so he's like is it something i'm
doing and it sort of turns out that
early on
um in in terms of like the way he meets
people and who he feels it's just
interesting because he's kind of like a
macho kind of guy he actually sort of
selects for partners
who sort of have those kind of abusive
characteristics
and he actually feels like really really
like frightened and confused when he's
like dating someone who's like caring
um and and so sometimes it can be
something as simple as like the kinds of
people that you choose to associate with
um and and you know because sometimes
people will like
kind of hang out with drama-oriented
people and
if you hang out with drama-oriented
people you may find drama
yeah but i i do think it's
it's it can be challenging but i also
think it's like really
awesome that you're thinking about your
contribution to these situations
yeah i just kind of like i cannot i
don't know
can you help me understand a little bit
about you know what's happened recently
and
and how it's affected you um
basically what happened is that i i got
a friend named bob
i about in april as we start talking
um i kind of didn't
open up to anyone about anything almost
for a pretty long time because i felt
like if i wanted
if i started to like vent to people that
would um
cause problems um
or like everything when i get dramatics
i didn't say anything or talk to anyone
about anything and that could feel
pretty hard to like if you're not if you
don't have like a friend to vent to or
something like that because i
because i didn't i didn't want to like
make anyone look bad or anything like
that
um and then i think in october
or something like that like we started
becoming like closer friends
and then i started um i
went into some dark phase when i just
didn't
yeah i don't know you know like when you
start feeling so bad you almost have
like no control of yourself and it feels
like your
body is like an autopilot and you yeah
and that was like the only person that i
ever like told all of my thoughts
to and um
what happened a few weeks after that was
that
bob told one of steven's close friends
all of the stuff that i told him which
was really hard for steven's friend
because they were friends and she felt
worried about
me and felt worried about stephen about
our relationship because it was pretty
crazy stuff
um so she she thought she was like
super super against me she was super
against that relationship
i felt super super betrayed and wait
about one huh i'm confused why would
this person feel against
it sounds like this person is friends
with even his destiny by the way
yeah and so this person was afraid of
how your thoughts would affect y'all's
relationship i'm
a little bit confused and like thought
like badly of him and thought badly of
me and everything was just so crazy and
yeah i'm okay i'm i
just lost me just he basically just told
this person
all of this like all of my deepest
darkest
secrets and just like everything which
was also like a lot of problems in
mine and siemens relationship and that
comes from like
being away from each other for 10 months
um
a lot of like things that i went through
at the time and like things that he went
through so there was like a lot of
things that was like
not meant for like other people to hear
about and especially not stephen's
friends
um so that really really sucked and i
felt like i
i just questioned like why did you do
that and
yeah this person can like change his
answers all the time and says that
he did it because he was worried about
me and that he wanted to vent to someone
else about my problems with someone so
he could help me
then he also said that the other person
was in the dark about everything was
worried about
that friend being stephen's friend and
then
or and also like that he just didn't
give a [ __ ] about me basically so
there's like a lot of different
um he said that he doesn't give a [ __ ]
about you yeah or that he
just it didn't really matter i don't
really see the problem with telling your
secrets to other people
like just like that and i don't see the
problem
he's just saying that he doesn't see the
problem in that so it's like okay
um so it sounds like you're getting a
lot of different answers
yeah yeah yeah for sure just so i
understand so it sounds like maybe it
was
hard for this person to sit with all of
the
emotional weight of what you were
confiding in him and he needed to
confide in someone else yeah but he's
also saying that he told this person
because he felt worried about her
for being stephen's friend because
stephen is a psychopath or whatever so
it's just like really
a lot of really really crazy stuff i
don't know a lot of work
i have so many questions about so much
about what you've said
the most shocking point is because you
know stephen is a psychopath
what does that mean like people are
people are always gonna think that just
because he doesn't
like cry on stream and like show a lot
of emotions and stuff like that and he
he talks very cold and stuff like that
people don't think actually even
is an emotional guy but she is but no
one really sees that and
sure people just treat him like [ __ ]
because of it
um and just doesn't give a [ __ ]
basically
but no none of these people really know
him um
but yeah but that's basically what
happened i felt
really really sad i felt really sad for
about two weeks after this happened
um until this guy bob convinced me that
yeah he wasn't
he didn't mean to and he wanted to keep
me as a friend and that he didn't want
me to cut him off and stuff like that
and then it went on with like two how
did you feel when he said that
um
he kind of showed like a different side
of himself a little bit
that's the thing like he always was like
what are you called like a joker he was
like almost like
he was always like joking around and
like he we never really
like that was the thing like why i like
talking to him was because he was very
neutral
and then he would like joke things away
a little bit instead of like making
it really serious and that would kind of
like make me see the humoring thing
it was really hard for me to talk to him
yeah but this time
he was like begging me to like not leave
him as a friend and that he really cared
about me you know he was like
and i've never heard him say anything
like that before so for me that felt
very genuine i guess or it took me
like it took a heart i don't know it
took it took a lot of it um
a lot of effort and a lot of like mental
effort and stuff to um
to get over that betrayal um
did you feel like you had to get over
that betrayal
yeah because this was my best friend
okay
i feel like i didn't have any any best
friends or anything
he didn't have any best friends not
not really not really like in this world
no like i moved away from
my friends and like i lived in sweden at
the time but a lot of my friends moved
away from stockholm
um and like i didn't really have a
friend that was like super available
i guess so like this was like a very
important person i just came back
to america and i don't really know
anyone in l.a either
you know and like i didn't have anyone
that was that available and that i
felt like i had that connection with i
don't even know if that connection was
real
that was the thing because he lied about
so many things
um what do you think about
he lied about like
let me think he um
everything kind of like turned out this
way was that there was like two months
of him
basically telling me how bad
relationship i was in
and stuff and i tried to like navigate
away from that but everything was really
hard because i felt like i didn't want
to lose him as a friend and i didn't
you know want to be disrespectful to
steven it was like everything was like
pretty crazy
and then like steven's friend that was a
close friend of his like didn't like me
at all and she's like hated me because
she saw that i she felt like i wasn't
respecting him
everything was like really insane um
he basically told a bunch of lies um
[Music]
and he uh it came out that he
talked also a so
like much behind my back like really
really badly
like a bunch of [ __ ] about my like about
me behind my back
and i've seen like logs of this as well
so like while this was all going on he
was [ __ ] talking
like crazy to a lot of people so i don't
think this person was like real
i think this person was i don't know i
have no idea like why
or how it sounds like you're really
confused about what to believe about
bob is it yeah yeah
so seems like really conflicting
yeah i i don't i have no idea i don't i
don't know i'm
i i think he i have no idea i don't know
maybe he kind of just like give up on me
or something but like letting like
everything like go on and stuff it was
like really everything was like really
crazy
i only found out about all this because
me and that person
or her name is bose she
seems friend she came to the same kind
of like convention kind of thing
yeah that's her name okay um
and i feel whenever i'm like around
people that i know has like a lot of
really
um bad opinions about me or there's like
a fight going on or something i never
spoke to this person really before i've
never been in real life
um i get really weird and i get really
uncomfortable
and i need to confront so what i did was
that i
in georgia confronted her and said hey i
know exactly everything you know like
you think about me
because i got a huge like log sent from
him the day before
we're actually through another person
yeah is everything is like really crazy
but yeah i got like
a lot of her saying a lot of really
really bad things about me and i
confronted her and then
during three hours we figured out that
he was full of [ __ ] basically
so she felt really betrayed as well so i
yeah this whole thing was like really
really insane and then
um why do you want to confront
i just can't walk around people knowing
that they
uh that they have like problems maybe i
can't do that i need to like confront
them and ask
why why um
i feel so bad it's better for me to
almost just like
do like just like confront them and like
know exactly what they
what they think about me i just want to
have a straight conversation
instead of like hearing a bunch of stuff
behind my back about what this person
thinks about me and like feel their
energy
i can't do that i need to like hey i
know what you think about me
let's talk about it like i need to do
that okay so it sounds like you can sort
of feel their
malice field of negative energy like
through rumors and dms and so and so
yeah you just need to cut through it and
and just okay yeah i just have to i just
have to do it and then when we did we
figured out
there was like a lot of things that was
pretty crazy and
um we can't what happened was basically
that
there was there was other people that
knew him as well and that knew me and
her
so we start talking to another person
about all this and that person told us
even more things that he said to them
and then we were like oh my god this
person is friends with this person as
well and i'm friends with this person
i'm gonna ask this person
and then it was just like a bunch of
people like figuring out like okay wait
this happened like
this is like all what's been said and
stuff like that
how did it feel to go through that
um kind of that investigation and
figuring things out and piecing things
together
at the time when that happened this is
really scary
what was scary i don't know it's like
really insane that like that all of that
happened that this was like a person
that i used to view in such a positive
way
and then we find out that there was like
a bunch of people that like that he
betrayed as well about like talking [ __ ]
behind their back and stuff and he did a
very
everything everything was pretty crazy
and then
um he kind of like already
went around to other people talking
really really badly about stephen as
well
and steven knew about this like three
months ago
like he figured out that this happened
like a long time ago
um especially with bose as well because
he talked
so much to her um so he was really
really pissed
and he felt like he didn't even know who
thought what about
anything anymore or like about him
because he was
running around saying so much stuff like
that wasn't true like lies
twisted truth it's like a lot of crazy
stuff
will you pause for just a second i'd
like to just collect my thoughts and try
to
i just need a moment yeah sure
this sounds like drama to me yeah it is
dramas it is
it's very dramatic i mean you told me to
explain the situation
so i'm explaining it yeah yeah yeah i i
appreciate that
i'm just just i'm struck by how
much there's this person talk to this
person and this person talk to this
person and this
like like that sounds [ __ ] exhausting
yeah i mean yeah i don't know i don't
even know what excel
like being calls it is anymore because
that's what i feel all the time
what's it like to be exhausted all the
time
that's hard to explain um
i feel like two years ago when i wasn't
streaming on twitch and i was like not
involved with all these people and stuff
and i had like my
my life in new zealand or in sweden and
stuff and everything was like very
normal i'd say
it was of course like stuff that
happened sometimes
but i felt like it was like very easy
for me to like
just disconnect thoughts and stuff and
just focus on certain things and
just relax and enjoy things it sounds
like it's really surrounding you
now like you can't escape from it yeah i
can't
and even if i try to like
um like go work out or go for a run or
go for a walk or
just like follows you around meditate i
can't
it doesn't work i can't do it it's like
all over
like all the time um and then it's like
everything like upon that as well
there's like
there's like the stress about streaming
and
the stress about staying in contact with
people the stress about
the relationships there's stress about
the world there's stress about um
like so many things you know and and
then i have all of these people this is
like
not just like this thing that happened
there's like other things that happens
around that as well
and there's people messaging me saying
that i am
like hurting them because i am not as
available as they want me to be
and stuff like that too and i just feel
like i can't sit and like respond to
messages
because it stresses me out so much and
then i hurt people because i'm not
giving them like what they feel like
they need out of me i guess
so i'm like very exhausted yeah
sounds like a lot of people
molina it feels to me like you're
getting sucked dry
yeah i mean i think this is something we
talked a little bit about
last time but yeah i just like i just
feel like
i'm absolutely going in the worst
direction possible at the moment i have
no idea how to like
control better what to do and tell me
about that direction you're going in
right now
what makes it so bad um
i'm just getting so hurt i'm getting so
hurt over and over again
and no one gives a [ __ ] that's what it
feels like like no one
no one of these people like understands
like i had another i had another friend
like betraying me pretty hardcore
by like really like telling me like you
could always come to me you could always
talk to me i would never do anything of
these things that you're so scared of
happening
and then this person did exactly the
thing that would would be the absolute
worst for them to do
what did they do i don't think it's well
i don't think
i shouldn't like okay
um but that really really sucks and then
like
that felt so bad that it just like i i
don't think this person ever cared about
me i think this person was just really
selfish and wanted me
to think certain ways about them for
them to make it easier to get something
else
and this person is like messaging me
trying to like
i don't know i don't know if they're
trying to like make me feel bad
about anything because they're still
like so like defensive
about what they did and they're they're
very like but what about me and i'm like
but i wasn't the one i've
like done everything for you like i've
done all the like the the best things
for you because i cared you know that's
what i felt
and then this person just like did this
just out of like
who takes care of you molina
sounds like you spend a lot of time
taking care of other people who takes
care of you
i think stephen king takes care of me
sometimes like
i don't think he really like takes care
i think he cares like whenever we have a
fight or something like that i think he
cares about solving it but i think it's
very hard for him
which is i understand like he's used the
way he is but i mean whenever
whenever i um like if i would be upset
about something like my mom or something
like that
um like he would always like take care
of me of course and like talk to me like
i was sad yesterday
because i just felt um
like all these things are like happening
to me and i wonder if i deserve it
because all of these like things are
happening and they're just
like if all of these people just decides
to do like really horrible things to me
that
must mean that it feels that way it
doesn't sound very good when i say but
it feels like i decided what does it
feel like
um and when they say no
i feel very small then like very weak
it sounds to me like you're kind of
getting taken advantage of
yeah but i think i think
i kind of like always felt that way i
think
it's just that there's more people
that's able to do that at the moment
maybe i feel like there's more people
that's doing
yeah it sounds like a lot of people are
the themes that i'm hearing or that
people betray your trust
people sort of don't look out for you
you know yeah
they rely on you for emotional support
like it feels like very one-way traffic
the way you're describing it
yeah um
i feel like it's always been like that a
lot it's like um
um like my mom is that way she's always
like
ever since i was a kid i've been her
like therapist since i was like seven
years old
i remember yeah and
i've always kind of like felt like i had
to like
yeah like step back a lot you know
and just like take everyone's stuff but
i don't
i don't understand it maybe i'm like not
showing enough that i just can't take
any more you know i don't know maybe
it's just so how let's
let's talk about so let's like pick one
particular case and maybe dig into it by
the way if you want to explain more
about
um you know what's happened with bob and
stuff recently i'm more than happy to
listen
um there was just so much significant
stuff i felt like i had to kind of pause
and
it's like a crazy story it's like a
movie it's like very
insane like a lot of like really pieces
and figuring things out and then the
picture changing
and yeah yeah a lot of and then like now
everything is like
really weird too because there's like
other streamers trying to like get us
be platformed because get us
get you de-platformed or yeah like
trying to like get us banned from twitch
like that's how crazy what's your
understanding of why
other people what have you done that's
worthy of being
banned from twitch in people's minds
um i have no idea i i have no idea why
they would want to try to do that i
think they probably just feel really bad
um i think they're really upset because
things turn out the way it did
and they kind of like rewarded someone
that they probably regret supporting
after what came out after that
but why would they try to get you banned
if they supported someone
who's probably because it feels good for
them
right it probably feels good if you
really hate someone or if you're really
upset with someone you probably wish to
worship for them at the moment right
so is there anything that that you can
think of that
you've done that would make someone
think
so hatred is one reason that you want
someone to be banned
is there anything like what do they say
like what's their complaint
as to why you should be banned
motivations aside
like to try to bring up stuff from the
past stuff like that and just like try
to like
yeah it's like a there's like one person
that is like making a big
document about having their fans like
trying to collect all the worst things
that me and stephen has ever done to try
to get us banned
wow that's how bad it is yeah
sounds like you're being hunted yeah
yeah and i i don't
it all i came from like something really
dumb about like one person not liking
the other person so with the defense so
this person defended bob because of it
um basically and then um
[Music]
yeah bob came out with like or first
stephen stephen went live and he
explained like the situation with
bob talking a bunch of [ __ ] about
stephen to other people and stuff
because he felt like he didn't really
stop
like bob did this to so many people that
he just felt like he had to make it
public
because there was no way first for bob
to stop doing this because it was people
that already started hating stephen
um and then after that bob just made
like a big
like what was it like 40 40 like pages
of just like [ __ ] and
leaks and just like crazy stuff to like
make us look as bad as possible and a
bunch of lies
and then steven made like a big one too
where he explained everything that
happened basically
um and one of the things that happened
was that um
bob sexually harassed another girl and
that came out in this one too
so after that came out this other person
which is casey john
tried to get us banned because she's
really upset because she took bob's side
on this so it's pretty so it's kind of
like a war
between yeah it sounds like a war like
people that are like
it reminds me of like like i don't
like it's like really insane like it's
just like it's a great question
i mean this reminds me of like studying
european history you know when like
france and spain start to fight and then
england is like we're on spain side
because [ __ ] france and then germany's
like oh my god
we better join france aside and then
like you have this whole balance of
power thing where like different people
are like making documents and supporting
each other and like
yeah it's like really insane yeah i
don't know i'm just like
i just i here's the thing
what kind of person i am i just want to
like have a cabin
in nature just chill do my thing
make art and do shrooms that's what i
want to do i just want to chill i don't
want that
like that was my life before this like i
just like
liked being very present and stuff
what what do you like about streaming
like it's weird right because it's like
i want a cabin out in the woods i want
to just be by myself and stream
you can just toss that in there gaming
is nice if i can like spend time with my
community and i can travel around and i
can show them
the beauty of the world that's why i
like doing because i think the world is
beautiful
yeah if i can do that it makes me happy
you know
but how do you get into all this
um i mean i became friends with bob
right that's how it started
so i think oddly enough so melina we've
got a couple of different options okay
one is that you know if you feel like it
would be helpful to you
or helpful for us to understand i'm
happy to hear more of the play-by-plays
about who said what and who did what
if you think that kind of thing is
helpful generally speaking i i don't
know that i'm really that good at
no i don't think it's necessary either
okay
it's more about the um that
right now i just feel like there's been
like so many things
that i just feel like i don't think i'm
gonna be the same person in a year you
know
i think i'm just gonna be at the worst
version of myself possible very soon
okay so let me offer a couple of
different directions and then you let me
know so i think the
the term divorced version of yourself
that sounds actually let me just forget
about what i was going to
tell you what that means version the
worst or divorce
the worst okay
what help me understand that why do you
think you're gonna be the worst version
of yourself a year from now
um because i just feel like
i don't think i've
i don't think okay so i don't think i've
cried
as much and like felt so much anxiety
this past year or like last year than
i've ever
like felt my entire life almost maybe
like when i was a kid or something but i
don't remember that exactly
um and i remember when i was
living in a van and i was traveling
around and i was in nature i think
during six months i had one bad day
yeah and i feel like i always like
every single day i get back to like a
dark place
every single day and what brings you
back to that dark place
it kind of just hits from out of nowhere
or something i don't know like it from i
don't know where it just hits
and that sounds good terrible i mean
sometimes when i think about going to a
dark place i think like if it's
triggered by something at least you have
some sense of like
control or preparation
but if it just kind of randomly like it
sounds like it haunts you
right like i think like it like follows
you around
yeah i think it's like always there i
guess
yeah it's it's really hard to like live
here
and just like stream and just like do
the same thing like every single day and
then
um like that can like happen during
stream too so that really sucks as well
and then i feel really really sad and i
feel like it can't deliver or like i can
function
what is it that haunts you
um just like
i just feel like i'm uh
i don't know i i'm trying to think if i
care about these people that hurt me
like if i care about their opinions
i don't know maybe i do a little i mean
i just feel like so weak and hurt and
just like
i feel like i don't like deserve to like
take care of myself
maybe like that's what it feels like so
i just like don't really see the purpose
of like
doing anything good for myself or like
to stream
or to like eat or like try to work out
or anything like that i just like
lose motivation
how long have you felt like you don't
deserve to take care of yourself
i think it comes and goes but i think
this time period right now has been the
longest one and that has probably
it's probably been like going like
growing
but always been there but like growing
for maybe like three months
okay
so molina this may be a little bit so
one thing i want to kind of offer you is
um so a lot of times we talk about
feelings
but i think uh today i'm hearing that
there may be a couple things that may
apply may not apply but i could actually
sort of like
try to explain a few concepts or even
make a couple of recommendations
in your case now the challenge is that
you know if i jump into that now there's
a decent chance some of that stuff is
actually like
wrong like it doesn't apply to you um
and the more we talk i think the more
you know
the sort of educational principles are
gonna apply to you but i already have
some
kind of ideas about stuff um
so do you think we should explore
further or do you wanna try to
like maybe start to formulate a plan is
to like how to tackle this
um we can explore further okay
yeah um
so tell me understand what is the worst
version of yourself what
how is that person different from where
you are now
what will you become that you don't want
to be
i feel like when i'm happy i'm shining a
lot
um and i see a smile does really
light up your face it's like it's like
magic yeah
yeah um so i just feel like and that's
like how i
um like express myself i guess like
being happy i guess and
yeah um i think i let myself feel things
which is good like i'm pretty excited
like i'm accepting my own feelings a lot
i think
um but i feel like i can't like deliver
like what i do i guess or like how i
how i am um
[Music]
and it sounds like something's getting
in the way of you being you
yeah exactly it does it feels like
that's taking away from me you know
and um i also feel like um
like instead of like seeing like the
positive things and like feeling happy
and excited and just like laughing and
being excited to like do things and
stuff like that i just feel like i'm
like becoming very hateful
and i feel like i see the worst in
people even if they haven't even done
anything to me yet or anything
i just like expect the worst i feel like
i can't trust anyone i feel like i'm
becoming more lonely
um i feel like i feel less too
i feel like it's hard for me to like
express
my feelings true i'm i'm almost hearing
like
almost like a defense of numbness
um yeah i'm becoming like more maybe
like i don't even know if it's like
angry it's just hateful i guess
and i just feel like the the way that i
am is like gone almost
oh it's go it's going to be gone soon
gonna be
destroyed by hatred you're gonna become
you're gonna become a sith lord
i don't know i just i just feel like i'm
like dying
that's what it feels like yeah tell me
about the hatred
um no just it's just like a
feeling that's there it's just growing
just there and
whatever um
it's like everything it's
it's like everything i don't know like
it it's it it
it's it's not like i hate like specific
things it feels like it's just a hate
filter that comes on and then i just see
everything that way
you know yeah so what are some one
filter i have like this
like dark like hate filter on yeah so i
can see how having the hate filter
instead of the love filter is the worst
version of you yeah that you kind of
view yourself as someone
i mean do you think you have a love
filter on and the best version of you
yeah okay
like love and happiness and just like um
it's so hard to like explain i feel like
i've um hmm
this is like really weird but when i
when i used to do like a lot of
psychedelics and stuff
i felt like i had like a lot of love
filter
um because you kind of like just like
love and accept
everything that's the thing like no
matter if it's bad or whatever
you see everything is as it is and you
decide to just see it in a good way
because that's like the
yeah it just it just kind of sucks when
it's like almost impossible to feel that
way because like
all of this is like happening and you
can't really control yourself and this
is all just like growing
i don't know i don't even know if that
makes sense yeah i think it makes a lot
of sense i have a weird question for you
can you have a love filter on when you
look at your hate filter can you love
your hate filter
um maybe this is
this this makes me think about um um
there's like a picture of a person
looking at a field with flowers
and then there's another person that is
like
on books and then that person sees like
that behind
um or oh this is like a fake picture
this is
actually just like a screen and then
behind that the world is trash
and then like then there's like another
person that is stepping on more books
or like on books and see that that is
also a screen
and that the universe is like beautiful
basically because that person is so high
up but it seems to be
like the beautiful of the universe kind
of thing it sounds like that a little
bit
yeah that's a great analogy yeah
but that has to do with knowledge or
whatever but yeah
um i thought about that i did like um
i did how much most i think is like 7.5
grams of mushrooms a year ago
which was not really that was an
accident that was pretty crazy
is that all right huh is that a lot
is that crazy yeah like you're you're
gone
it's like you're somewhere else um i can
handle those sort of moments where it's
like really stressful or like really
insane like pretty well but i remember i
thought about that a lot that
um that it everything felt really
uncomfortable
because it's like really intense but it
all depends like
if i if i kind of like just accepted
that and just thought
about the world trying to like show me
an experience
and why wouldn't i try to like see that
as a positive thing even though it was
really uncomfortable and just like try
to love that feeling instead
kind of i don't know so it makes me can
i ask you a little bit more about the
hatred
um
from people or or from know what you
feel
about hate yeah like like so i asked you
like
you know what do you hate and you said
it's like a filter
and i hate everything can you give me
some examples of like what are some of
the things that you hate
um certain people
particular people yeah
what about other people like
your community yourself stephen your
family
do you hate them too or is it just
particular people
maybe it's like particular people it's
just that i can't like
it's hard for me just because my trust
has been broken
it's very hard for me to see people like
that hasn't done anything to me in a
good way too
because i'm just waiting for them to
betray me too
right so it's like oh that sounds like
trauma
yeah yeah yeah
um
so it doesn't sound like you actually so
i guess the the hate filter that you're
referring to is sort of
waiting for other people to betray you
but that
actually when it comes down to your
hatred you actually just
feel hatred towards a few people
probably but it's also just that i i
don't know i can feel hate towards
people that i don't know
can you give me an example of that um
like if there's a person that messaged
me and i can tell like
my first instinct is like they want
something you know
they want something and these this
person is [ __ ]
this person doesn't give a [ __ ] about me
or about it and what would the message
say can you give us an example it could
be
someone just like reaching out checking
on how i'm doing
it could be anything that's the thing
but i'm just like like this person wants
something
like this person doesn't give a [ __ ]
this person doesn't know me
this person has no idea what's going on
and then when did you get
no when did you start to feel like
when did that hate filter come get put
on
when did you start to have those kinds
of thoughts about other people
um i think it's been slowly growing
since a year ago maybe
but like right now it's really really
bad um
i think like the mo like when it really
really happened was probably like
october or november i think it became
even worse for sure
um because there's always like
small things happening and then like
one like big thing happens and then like
small things happens and then like one
big one like goes like that and what how
do you change when those things happen
um
first i think i get like really hurt and
really shocked
and then i think i get pretty sad and
then i get pretty angry
and then i think it's just like
something has changed within me
but i i think i'm like i don't give a
[ __ ] like i think i'm like that
but i think i do but it's just so deep
that i can't really see like the the
details of it anymore like it
when it happened i saw details of it but
then it's like like another weight
like on me i guess yeah it's a very
insightful way of thinking about it
what do you think it is that's very deep
like like
can you give me any information about
what is that thing
the the like the heavy weights like um
just feeling
but that's like the thing like that
comes like from it's like so deep and
then
it feels like it just comes i don't know
how to say it um
it's hard i don't know do you feel like
it's dormant
and then it wakes up at times and then
it goes back to sleep
um yeah sure a little bit like that yeah
i guess so
but like when something happens it feels
like everything like comes up again a
little bit
yeah yeah that's how it works yeah
um
so molina can i share some thoughts with
you
so first of all i want to say i don't
think any of this is your fault
i don't know if you you know blame
yourself for it i d
do i think you have some degree of
agency or control over your situation
absolutely
but i i i would encourage you to do your
best
to not
blame yourself but also like strike a
balance between accepting that you made
a mistake
because i think you may have made
mistakes but also like forgiving
yourself for making that mistake
which is actually a little bit tricky so
a lot of times we will be like
that was wrong and therefore i'm a piece
of [ __ ] or
nothing was wrong and i'm totally fine
the truth is that
it was wrong and you aren't a piece of
[ __ ] it's just
you know we're human beings we learn so
here's
what i kind of hear from you so you're
like kind of an open and happy person by
nature you're like
i'ma get in a van and drive around new
zealand and do some shrooms and meet
people and have fun and like engage with
people and like
appreciate what life has to offer and
listen to the sound of a mountain stream
and
and watch a sunset and like you know
engage with a community and have some
fun like that's really who you are
and then people take advantage of your
openness um so i think that you do let
people in and i think
probably this is where like um you know
learning some about like setting
boundaries because it sounds like what's
happening is you let people
kind of like deep in and then they like
betray you right and i think there's
there's probably something around the
kind of person
that you attract so that like you are so
open and you are so bright
and you have this like they adjust which
i think we may have talked about last
time i'm sort of starting to remember
but that you have this sort of like
energy about you that like
brings sort of like the hungry lonely
people from the internet
and they see molina as shiny and they're
like ooh i want something
right and and then i think that things
get into like this is where things get
kind of tricky because i think that you
actually have needs there too which you
may not realize
which is that like i think you probably
get a lot of benefit
from being that person for other people
and so you guys enter into these
relationships where you guys are like
offering a lot of like emotional support
but it may be a little bit unclear about
like what
the foundation of that relationship is
so i think there's like a mutual
friendship where people can support each
other but i see this a lot
in in streamer communities especially
where
you know things get really tangled
especially when two people are streamers
because then there's like
numbers involved and this person is
growing bigger than i am and this person
is doing this and this person is doing
that
and and so there's a lot of like genuine
friendship there's a lot of genuine
goodness there's a lot of genuine caring
that then gets like polluted by these
other things
but one thing that i would really
encourage you to think a little bit
about is like for the people who do
betray you what did the start of your
relationship look like
and if you want to talk more i think
that's where we should explore
because i would guess um and that's just
a guess right so this could be
completely off
is that like there's something about the
way that that relationship starts
where either you're kind of like this is
where we put our psychoanalysts sort of
hat on you can go see a psychoanalyst
about this if you want to i don't really
understand this stuff
but are you playing out some kind of
thing with your mom
or or like is this the kind of thing
like because so sometimes we
as human beings willingly enter
familiar familiar but painful situation
and this goes back to that that patient
that i was working with who
sort of like like any time like a woman
treats him with like respect early on he
gets like kind of confused
but when he meets a woman who sort of
like devalues him and then he in turn
devalues her he's a toxic and abusive
too it's just like
it goes both ways and so they kind of
fall into this pattern and and i think
in his case it's really about
it was really confusing for him and we
worked through like
that initial relationship that initial
interaction
where like he starts to pull away so
what i'd be really curious about is for
bob
you know how did y'all's relationship
start
um and kind of exploring that because i
think you'll find a lot of answers there
i think the other things to think a
little bit about are
you know i i do think that it seems like
you evoke complicated feelings in people
so my sense just hearing you know what
you said about bob is not that he's like
i mean maybe he's two-faced and
untrustworthy and whatever i have no
idea
but it sounds to me like when he was
giving you lots of reasons like i don't
think he's like
lying about five of them and one of them
is real i think they're all
real and contradictory which is why it's
so confusing for him
and like so confusing for you
because it probably may have been i mean
it could have been a lot for him to sit
with all of your
emotional weight he made it neat have
needed to decompress
and then he may be devaluing you in
terms of how much that hurt you so he
may say like oh it's not that big of a
deal i don't understand why you're bent
out of shape
and the reason he does that is because
he actually does care about you
and the thought that he did something
that hurts you
hurts him so much that he has to like
pretend it didn't happen
which doesn't mean that he doesn't care
about you in fact it sort of means the
opposite does that make sense
he can't tolerate the idea this is just
a hypothesis
we've never met the guy but it may be
possible that he can't tolerate the idea
and he knows exactly
that what he did was wrong and really
hurtful and he cares about you
so he's like let's pretend it didn't
happen can we just move on
and it sort of makes sense to me that
he's huh
do you think it's like that with
everyone almost that's done something
like that
i think that
let me say this is that true for
everyone i don't know but i will say
this
that
the easiest pain for one human being to
ignore
is the pain that they cause to someone
who they care about
so the biggest deniers of me hurting you
are parents towards their children if
you want to see
really really really strong deny denial
talk to a parent about how they hurt
their children
and you'll see the strongest denial in
the world so in my history as a
psychiatrist that is
and the more you care the more you deny
because like if you care about someone
and i really really hurt you like holy
[ __ ] it means i don't care about you
and that is so cognitively dissonant
and difficult for someone to sit with
that it really causes all kinds of
problems and i think it sounds like you
guys are sort of in the situation where
he can't admit what he did to you so you
guys can't move past it
and this is where i think a big part of
like moving past things
is actually admitting that hurt happened
right and then you can really forgive
people but like unless there was no real
if there's no crime then there's no
mercy right like um yeah
sure i mean it sounds like it
in this case i mean i would say in terms
of everyone so it also doesn't sound
like everyone betrayed you it sounds
like there are a lot of people in your
life that don't betray you
but it feels like everyone betrayed you
yeah i think it's like an unbelievable
like amount of people that's like doing
something
what percentage of people that you
regularly interact with would you say
have betrayed you
probably like 70 80 percent and what tot
what's the total pool of people like are
we talking five people 10 people 20
people
50 people maybe like 50
20 30 something so that's a shockingly
high number
yeah that's what if that's
yeah it's just that like a lot of
i don't know it's like it's not just
like only people that i like know
really really like well and deep and
that's like that i'm friends with for a
very long time it's also like people
that
that i know about and knows about me and
that i've met and then they decide to do
something
a little like that's what it feels like
and then i think can you give me an
example of someone who you
know and who you met who did something
to you
um like like a name
no just like like an example of what
they did that you felt was betrayal
um like
you're saying like [ __ ] talking behind
my back and stuff like that hearing that
that person said things about me but how
do you hear that
um because i hear other people say it
and then i confront them about it
and then they say oh this person told me
yeah or i've heard they say
something on stream or something like
that yeah yeah so that sounds to me like
you may have a betrayal filter
right so when 80 of people in your life
betray you there are a couple of
different reasons for that one is that
you have a tendency to attract scumbags
which is very possible given light
radiance etc
second option is that you may have a
betrayal filter so this we see a lot
where like people
you know they when they start to feel
like they've been betrayed
their mind will go and hunt other
experiences that sort of fit into their
model
and another kind of random example that
may feel like it's pretty far is like in
cells are a good example of this
so they're kind of like convinced
that they're like unattractive and so
every time that someone does something
that suggests that they're
attractive they kind of ignore it and
every time there's like even like
something that's in the gray area they
their mind sort of finds that as
evidence
and this we see a lot when people have
um a lot of emotional hurt
right so we know that like when i'm
hurting
things become more painful so people
who have depression literally experience
more pain from the same stimulus than
someone who's like mentally feeling well
so you can deliver like the same shock
or like whatever benign like slightly
painful thing
and it like hurts more when people are
depressed
that could be a piece of it i don't know
how that makes you feel though because i
imagine it's quite invalidating
what does that word mean invalidating
like it's like i'm saying
oh it's all in your head i'm afraid of
coming across like that
no i think that's okay okay
i mean it does sound like a shocking
amount of people
have you know yeah betrayed tradies
especially the past two years
and especially the past six months or
five months something yeah
what do you think do you think something
has happened that has caused all these
people to
do this
i think i gave a lot to people and when
they see that i am like
that i have like one boundary or
something they get really upset
that's what it feels like um like there
was like one scenario with another
streamer where we um
um she wanted to go travel with me and
um
yeah but but i told her that i
that i couldn't i couldn't go travel
with her if i didn't stream
between like this time and this time
every single day
and for her it was really really
important for me to not stream at that
time because she wanted to stream and
she wanted to be
me to be on her stream um
well i'm not live so she could get more
viewers but i told her that
this is not my hobby as it is for you i
need to stream
because the past three weeks i haven't
streamed this much and i'm losing a lot
of money
and i feel like scared of yeah like i
need i need to uh i need to stream
and she was like okay yeah yeah but she
didn't really care about it and then
like when we came to the moment where
um where i turned my stream on and she
was streaming at the same time she got
really really really mad
and that's how the friendship ended just
like that
yeah that felt really weird because i
felt like i
helped her and then when i had one
boundary of like i needed a stream
because i needed to survive because i
was losing so much sure because
yeah she didn't respect that at all and
then
she just yeah she's left
yeah so that makes a lot of sense i mean
i i think that
in the sense of like a big thing for me
but it's just like really weird and i
see like
the stuff like this happens a lot yeah
so i i think
like i mentioned some time ago i think
that like maybe what we need to talk
about is boundaries
because i i do think it's possible that
something about the way that you start
your relationships
because you are so open because you are
so
caring because you are so supportive
makes people think that you don't have
boundaries
or and this is where if we really want
to say you're guilty of something
i would not be surprised i'd give it a
50 50 chance
that there are times early on in
relationships where you
willingly let people cross boundaries or
you don't enforce boundaries that you
should
and so if we really think about where
does the expectation like so people love
you molina because
when we talked about this last time you
put other people first
and i think actually i've seen a lot of
growth in you because now what i'm
hearing is like [ __ ] those people
i belong somewhere but it doesn't feel
very good it feels like that's not me
feeling that way yeah so i think this is
where you have to
start to learn how to i think be someone
who is like somewhere in the middle
right where you can be like open and
loving and caring
and also like set boundaries and
and this is where i'd really wonder i
think a lot of this comes down to the
beginning of the relationships it's like
when you enforce that tiny little
boundary at the beginning that doesn't
mean very much
how do you feel about yourself
um selfish i guess there you go
yeah it doesn't feel good yeah makes
me feel really bad about myself if i do
yep
so i think that's the big problem it
really makes me feel like a piece of
[ __ ] that's like how i feel yeah
yeah so is it normal surprisingly so
shockingly so but i think that's sort of
like where i
think honestly molina a lot of this
stuff i mean if we want to kind of like
pin it down to one thing i mean
obviously it's more complicated than
that
but i think what we're talking about is
like you engaging in relationships where
you know someone says hey molina can you
stop your stream 15 minutes early
because i'm having a headache and then
in that moment you're like oh my god i
would be such an [ __ ] i wouldn't be
the person that i want to be because you
have this version of yourself
which is like you know living in nature
being awesome being supportive that
people can count on taking care of your
mom
all this sort of stuff right and then
like in that moment
you sacrifice a little bit because you
don't want to feel like a bad person in
that moment
and then you sacrifice a little bit more
and you sacrifice a little bit more
and then they kind of like move in
into your personal space and then like
you finally have learned
how to set boundaries right so this
sounds like a really really healthy
conversation that you had with this
person
hey i'd love to travel with you here's
what i need
and then people get bent out of shape
when you're like hey you remember when i
told you i needed something and i
actually need it
and they're like how dare you and this
is where if you think about that like
why would someone respond that way it
may be because
in the past you have said hey i need to
do this
hey i need to do this and then you may
have let them slide and not actually
hold them
hold that boundary yeah
it's i don't i just like the outcome is
so crazy it just makes me think that no
one really gives a [ __ ]
about me i guess even i really feel like
that moment where i said i really need a
stream
that i feel i feel like that was like
completely fair of me but there's no
i can't believe like why did she get so
mad it's like so insane and then she
just wanted she just blocked me
everywhere
so so melina this is where i mean that
sounds like a terrible experience i
don't think you did anything wrong there
but i'm gonna say something because i
tend to have a bias
to empower and hold the person that i'm
talking to
accountable for their situation okay so
if this comes across as unsympathetic i
apologize
i think the reason that she is that way
is because you let her get away with it
for so long
yeah right and when you let people get
away with something like they're gonna
take
what they're used to mm-hmm
this is also something that's really
crazy maybe it's true that you say that
that since last time we spoke i'm
becoming a little bit more angry and i
put
more boundaries i've heard from so many
different people
that yeah after that dr k talk that you
had you're becoming way more
um arrogant and vic like you're
victimizing yourself all the time and
they got like really really mad for me
like
standing up for myself like a lot of
people have said that
to make me feel bad and that's really
weird i don't know
and this is like a lot like yeah a lot
of people
that i've known for like a long period
of time
well apologies for ruining your
relationships with those people
and at the same time if they're calling
you if they're calling you arrogant for
standing up for yourself
i mean so like when you stand up for
yourself in the people
yeah or that i'm like i shouldn't do
that or that should be okay for me or
something like that or this is a stupid
boundary or something like that
i've had people telling me that like
this is yeah so so
this is a stupid boundary is how sexual
assault happens
yeah that's true right so i think you've
just got to be really like
so it's very possible that you're more
arrogant
it's very possible that you perceive
setting your boundaries you call it
setting your boundaries but what you're
being in real life is an [ __ ] to the
people around you
that's possible because i've seen that
too where someone's like
i talked to dr k and i'm gonna set my
own boundaries
and my own boundaries means you can go
[ __ ] yourself
that's being an [ __ ] it's possible
so and this is where where molina like
you really may have turned into a little
bit of an [ __ ] because i think it's
new for you
right like you used to be so
accommodating
that you may have swung the pendulum too
far to the other side
and so this is where like it takes
practice between being a pushover
and being an [ __ ] and somewhere in
the middle
but frankly what you said i think makes
a lot of sense at least with the
streamer person that if you
had a conversation with them about what
your needs are
like over time i think people hopefully
like you
who learn this sort of stuff end up in
healthier relationships like
when when i teach someone how to stand
up for themselves
everyone around them is pissed about it
and then some of them adjust some of
them don't and then over time they find
like new friends that generally tend to
be healthier relationships
yeah so like just as a yeah
it's it's just crazy to me to like
imagine that people can be like this and
they can like be mad about
other people's boundaries it's just like
so insane i don't know for me that's
just like because i don't do that
or like yeah i feel like unbelievable to
me it's i don't understand like
here here's here's the common thread i
wouldn't think about it as them being
disrespectful of your boundaries what i
would think about is
what upsets people is when you confound
their expectations
so i don't think that these people are
like you know running around being
[ __ ] violating people's boundaries
and pushing people around i don't think
that's actually what's happening
that's what that's this that's what's
that's what this particular case may
look like from your perspective
i think what's really going on is you
have given people
a unspoken promise and then you're
taking that away
and that's what upsets people
right so it's sort of like um
you know it's like i'm working with
someone who
i'm working with a couple and one member
of the couple has decided to start
eating super healthy and it started
losing weight
and instead of being happy their partner
is just livid they're so
pissed off because now like there be
it's being exposed to them like how
unhealthy they're eating like one
person's trying to take care of
themselves
and like the other person is really
really like upset they're frustrated
they feel super self-conscious for
eating crappy food all the time
you know their partner is like getting
into shape and it is like one of the
most
toxic difficult things yeah
and so you could say i i can't believe
that someone would be upset that someone
else wants to eat healthy like
of course that doesn't make any sense
but what's going on is we were both
gonna be degenerate pizza eating
[ __ ] together and then you
decided to go get healthy and now what
am i supposed to do
i feel that also a lot about like
because i didn't i didn't really stream
a year ago and then when i started
streaming a lot of other people that i
know that streams as well
and when i like got like more viewers
than them and stuff they started getting
like really angry
and they would never want to like give
me a compliment about it they were just
like [ __ ] on me for
like doing the content that i was doing
and stuff like that
yeah so like i said when it comes to
relationships between streamers like
numbers and quantification and one
person growing and one person being left
behind like all that kind of stuff
isn't complicating factor right so like
it's it's hard because
it you know in your friend's case did
she respect your boundaries no was that
nice of her no
but then we also have to try to be like
understand from her perspective
she maybe saw this as an opportunity for
her to grow her stream
and she kind of sees you as taking that
away from her
and and so it's it's sort of like
there's a whole different
angle right so you're saying that i have
to stream because i need the money
and i can't take the hit and she's
thinking the same thing
and you're thinking how can she be so
heartless this is something i need to do
for money and she's actually having the
same thoughts how can molina be so
heartless and take streamers away from
me she's bigger than i am
she could grow my stream but instead
she's like picking herself over me
and both of y'all are like thinking the
same thing does that
make sense yeah it does not
i really think in that case just based
on what you said i think you're
absolutely in the right there because if
you have particular needs and you lay
that out with people and someone agrees
and then
it turns out that you know you're living
up to what you said
yeah you know thoughts
questions um sometimes people
try to like i don't know if i mean they
kind of like try to manipulate me a
little bit i don't even know if they're
like
conscious of like doing that but
sometimes if i can talk to people
and i'm saying no or like i can't do
this or something like that they're
trying to like make me feel
as guilty as possible by saying a lot of
really horrible things
like what did they say like um
my mom my mom tried to like force me to
be in a call with her for two hours
saying that that i am a horrible person
for not wanting to talk to her and stuff
like that
and that if i didn't speak to her and
listen to her complain about
what is she the person i am to her
because i'm not doing this and this
isn't that she gonna go kill herself
stuff like that so like it's like really
insane and she knows she has like the
control over me as well
she knows she has that because i'm her
daughter and this is what she's been
doing for
like forever um so that was like really
really hard and i couldn't hang up
like i just can't physically hang up on
her it's like too much
and i was just like freaking out because
she is like
really really really making me feel so
incredibly shitty about myself i am so
sorry melina that sounds
terrible yeah so i tried to just avoid
talking to her but then i like i get a
message i'm like [ __ ] i feel so guilty
i'm like not calling her but i don't
want to call her because i can't like i
can't
i can't talk to her because she's so
deep down
and she's been doing that to me since i
was a kid
that's [ __ ] up yeah i feel like if
i then talk to her for probably like
four months and then i kind of realized
that all the things that i
felt about her when i was a kid and that
i feel still like when i talk to her
is like like i feel a small version of
that with everyone else when stuff like
this happens but i feel that even more
with her
yeah and i think it kind of comes from
i think it comes from that relationship
with harats i had as a kid
okay
yeah so let's
let me think for a second man molina
you're very insightful
what does that mean insightful yeah
sorry
you're really good at figuring things
out i think i'm pretty
you're very good at connecting the dots
and recognizing things
thank you i'm just thinking about
how to help you with this
okay so how are you feeling right now
you feeling okay
i'm gonna point somehow yeah i mean i'm
like very
like i feel like if it was maybe like a
year ago i would probably very
be like very upset i would be looking
very upset but right now i'm just like
so numb
yeah i guess so i think part of it is
numbness
part of it is strength
um so
i'm gonna say something i'm gonna point
something out in your thought process
which is super super tricky okay
it may come across as judgmental because
i'm going to point out your role in this
okay
yeah sure so on the one hand so on the
one hand
it sounds like your mom has been very
very emotionally manipulative
continues to be emotionally manipulative
and is really
chipped away at some part of you
that i think like other people can like
then
use like you have a vulnerability of
being emotionally manipulated by like
other people needing your support right
and this is why at the very beginning
when they're like hey molina can you
stop
streaming 15 minutes early and then
you're like i feel self-loathing if i
say
no i can't i'm sorry you have to give in
to them so that goes the whole boundary
thing that we were talking about you see
that like that's connected
so i think the reason that you feel that
way about yourself is because
your mom like
like wrote that into your programming so
you've got this like one vulnerability
that i suspect a lot of people
so this is where like you know human
beings will sniff around for like what
they're looking for
and you may actually attract people who
like
use that vulnerability on you
because when they need something from
you and then you're like oh yeah let me
give it to you and they're like oh
awesome
and then what they do is they start to
like be a little bit emotionally
manipulative and like
like you said now we're gonna get to the
tricky part because you say people
don't do it consciously but they make me
feel a certain way
now this is where we're gonna get really
potentially me being an [ __ ]
and potentially you know running against
a lot of popular
um thought nowadays i mean like it's
fine like i get a lot of criticism and i
get people telling me a lot of things
all the time that's fine yeah so
so let me know if this feels critical to
you okay so i think you've got to be
careful when you're when you tell me
that someone doesn't consciously want to
make you feel that way
if you feel like they're emotionally
manipulating you
and the reason you say that they're
emotionally manipulating you is because
this person says something and i feel
guilty
that's what you call emotional
manipulation right but that may actually
have nothing to do with them that may
have everything to do with you
yeah right so so so that's where like i
think you've got to be really really
careful
where um so i
because i don't know that people are
emotionally manipulating you i think
it's just
in the past when you try to raise that
boundary
your mom emotionally manipulates and so
your brain is doing what all brains do
and it's learned from the past and it's
applying the past to the present
so i know that sounds kind of weird but
like you know every time i see a toilet
that i've never used before
how do i know how to flush the toilet
it's because my brain is projecting
prior toilets onto this one
and i treat this toilet like all of the
other toilets
and so what your brain is doing is you
had so much of this stuff from your mom
that anytime someone does something that
sort of looks like your mom or smells
like your mom
you feel the same way that you did with
your mom and you're kind of applying it
to this scenario
yeah does that feel critical or
invalidating to you
okay because i think you are doing a
piece of this and i'd be really careful
because i think some people around you
are really emotionally manipulative
because they've sensed out that weakness
in you and that's how they like they
need people like that
they have emotional needs and they know
that molina's good
day or night if i'm hurting molina's
going to drop whatever she's doing
and she's going to take care of me and
then you reinforce that right because
you have this [ __ ]
you don't give yourself a break because
you want yourself to be this perfect
version of yourself that your mom turned
you into
whereas like i think you should be a
little bit of a [ __ ] like that's my
favorite molina
you know like where you can own the
space that you control
and you can set some limits and like you
can try to make the world a better place
but
you don't have to like sacrifice
yourself to do it
so i think you've got to be careful and
and this goes for everyone else who's
listening to that like you got
got to be careful if you if you start
letting other people control
your feelings now i think some of that
stuff like in the case of your mom or if
you're in like you know
alcoholic parents like it's really hard
to control that sort of stuff but i
think it quickly becomes like you do
have some control over that
and there's this guy named victor
frankel who was uh one of the jews who
was in
the holocaust concentration camps and he
wrote this book about man's search for
meaning and he actually went all the way
to saying
that the nazis actually don't control
anything about how i feel
they can kill me but how i feel and is
my choice
which is drastic buddha said the same
thing too we don't really you know in
the world of like
microaggressions and stuff we tend to
hold other people accountable for our
feelings
which i think is really dangerous
territory
but i would be how do i change and like
the way i feel about things how do i
like approach and like change my mind
beautiful question yeah okay so
the first thing is that i think that
you've got to give yourself
time to learn how to set boundaries and
recognize that like when you become
confident sometimes what you need is
like
a friend group transplant so i see this
a lot in people who have
social anxiety and who are doormats is
that when they start like when we start
developing confidence they actually like
will lose a lot of their friends and
like over time they'll get new ones
very practically i'd strongly strongly
consider i know this is hard during
covent
but i think that these kinds of social
interactions are amplified by the
stresses of streaming
so i think the more friends that you
have outside of streaming the less of an
issue this is going to be
because when streaming like people's
careers and livelihoods are on the line
so it like
evokes a lot of behavior you know um
so so that's one thing so like learn
continue to learn how to set boundaries
and what i would really be careful the
most important concrete piece of advice
that i have for you
is early on in the relationship hold
that boundary
even though you feel like a piece of
[ __ ] that's the most important mistake i
think you're making that you can very
practically change
so like when you have a new friend it's
gonna come up and you gotta wait for it
they're gonna say hey can you do huh
you think that feeling will disappear
after a while yes
it's going to be there forever no i
think it'll disappear but there are
other things you have to do to make it
disappear
that's going to be the start so so
remember molina that even if that
feeling doesn't disappear
when you give in to that feeling you are
going down
the relationship path that leads to
betrayal
when you enforce a boundary so even
even if it hurts to feel like an [ __ ]
recognize that
that pain in that moment and feeling
like an [ __ ] doesn't actually mean
you're an [ __ ]
you just have to feel like one
that protects you from going down the
road of people taking advantage of you
you
laying an eventual boundary and then
then them feeling betrayed
that's the price you have to pay either
you feel like it like hated
and betrayed six months from now or you
feel like a little bit of a [ __ ] today
you can also as you're good at right
because you've got a lot of good talents
here
your tendency to confront check in with
them afterward
say hey i'm sorry i couldn't pick you up
from the airport because i had to stream
do you think that was like i feel kind
of guilty about that do you
feel like i was out of line
right just talk to him about it yeah and
then they say like oh no i totally get
it like i could just take an uber it's
like not that big of a deal
i was a little bit disappointed but and
then some people are going to be like oh
yeah
you are a complete [ __ ] and those are
the people you want to knock out of your
life
right so that's so the first thing is
set that boundary
early and often and recognize that the
reason that people don't set
boundaries is because of good feelings
not bad feelings
so this is tricky because good feelings
get
like you want to be a good friend you
don't want to be guilty and so it's
going to be hard to set that boundary so
set that boundary early
okay next thing
so this what you're describing is a
perfect example of the sunscript term
some scott
so some scott is a ball of undigested
emotion
which sort of lies dormant it's like a
volcano underneath the surface
and then it activates at times and like
wreaks havoc on your psychology
so there are a couple of different ways
to digest to some scar
i would strongly recommend have you ever
seen a therapist about this stuff with
your mom
um yeah but that turned out really bad
um if i ask you questions about that are
we gonna learn about bad boundaries
more um
that situation that was wait is that i
think that's like the third
therapist i've ever had in my entire
life and i didn't have a therapist for a
very long time
um but this guy actually tried to be
sexual with me
i [ __ ] knew it yeah
see how did you know that cause like
that like i said if i ask you about this
are we gonna run into another boundary
conversation
yeah but like how am i supposed to like
do about that like this is supposed to
be a therapist like
yeah that's their problem not yours
they're supposed to see that [ __ ]
recognize that they're gonna feel all
kinds of weird ways about you
and like restrain themselves turns out
that it you probably got a shitty
therapist
i'm sorry but i'm not surprised that it
happened
okay so so this is where you got to give
it another shot
maybe find a female therapist who is not
a lesbian or bisexual
that'll help but then you're gonna get
other kinds of weird boundary violations
there too that they need to be super
careful about
but i strongly strongly recommend
that you know like this is the kind of
thing where like you've been
[ __ ] traumatized like this sounds bad
and it sounds like it's ongoing and you
deserve help
and like we're not built to figure this
out on our own
okay there's a whole profession that is
designed to help you with this sort of
thing
second thing that you can do is sign up
for our
our creator coaching program do you know
about this i think i messaged you about
this so
we now like so we're working thankfully
twitch has been like kind enough to
really support us and support their
content
creators where like these issues of
anxiety and burnout and these sorts of
boundaries sort of things are like
something that we as an
organization are trying to support
content creators with
so this is also where we have to be
really careful and if you end up signing
up for this program it's free for you by
the way
um so that's thanks to twitch you can
thank twitch for that
um so uh so
this is where um you know we're gonna
have to be really careful that your
coach doesn't fall into this
so like if you sign up for the coaching
program like i'm gonna know
who your coach is and i'm gonna prep
your coach because you're gonna evoke
particular feelings in them
and then like we're gonna like help like
we know it's coming
so we can probably handle it we can
handle it i'm pretty
sure we can wait what exactly am i doing
that makes them think that they can like
well like i'm really curious what could
i even be doing like
for people to like think that they can
just do something like that
okay i'm just thinking about how i can
answer that
yeah i'm just really curious
so here's what happens in coaching
relationships and also in therapy
okay so freud are you are you on an
academic answer because you're about to
get an academic answer
i i only went to high school that's fine
i think you're okay okay so
so freud basically noticed that
when you're in a therapy relationship
that people will project feelings on
each other
and so a lot of what a therapist feels
is like not a real feeling but it's like
you and the patient are acting out of
play
so for example if you had issues of like
being emotionally manipulated
by your mom and you go see a female
therapist
you are going to feel emotionally
manipulated by her
because like as you guys calm your mind
down and as you enter like an authentic
space and those feelings come up they're
going to like want to target
does that make sense it's just it's just
weird
and so sometimes in therapy what can
happen is that like so
this is something called erotic
transference or erotic counter
transference
you can even google it their papers
written about it because it happens
shockingly
a lot and what we find is that like
sometimes feelings can get tangled right
so so
i i [ __ ] you not this is one of the most
mind-blowingly abusive quotes i've ever
heard
but one of my therapy supervisors once
had a therapy supervisor
that told them so there's like a boomer
okay so like
a psychiatrist who was like around in
the 50s once said
the main thing to think about when you
have sex with a patient is whether
you're having sex for yourself or you're
doing it for them
oh interesting right so like it's all
[ __ ] up
but this is where sometimes what happens
is you get especially in a therapy
relationship you feel
super connected to someone you feel like
really really close to them and then
sometimes people
don't know like what to do with those
feelings of closeness
and so it sort of starts to manifest in
like a sexual kind of way because
they're like
oh i feel so connected right and if you
think about sexuality like a lot of it
is about emotional connection it can it
can get muddled it can get confusing
and then sometimes people will like you
know
get confused and therapists aren't
perfect either
and i do think that there's something
about the radiance that you display
that is like flies going to honey
towards like a
particular kind of person you have a
particular vulnerability that like gets
people to like leech onto you
um and this is the kind of thing where
that therapist is that's [ __ ]
that's terrible but like holy [ __ ] you
could see that coming from a mile away
i feel really weird too because like
when i kind of like
made excuses not to go there he would
kind of like make me feel guilty for
that
see i told you he's gonna he's gonna do
it to you
yeah he's gonna make you feel guilty
yeah
that's the some scar it's the whole like
it's like
textbook right and that's where
that's where like with a good therapist
what you should say if you guys are like
here's a little bit of education about
therapy
if you guys are feeling reluctance to go
see your therapist
tell them about it and this is where
like the right move as a patient is hey
i feel i feel like there's a weird
energy here when i come here
and it may be a little bit sexual just
confront them molina
and say that i sometimes feel
emotionally manipulated into coming here
and i feel deeply uncomfortable about it
that'll bring awareness to it he also um
he also said that i didn't have to pay
anymore and stuff that was really weird
yeah
boundary violations boundaries
boundaries boundaries boundaries
boundaries boundaries
okay that's really weird that's
[Music]
boundaries it's all about boundaries
okay
so sometimes i will stop accepting money
from people
in a therapy relationship but never
because i like them so much
the only reason that i stop accepting
money is because people can't afford
it in which case it's like i'm not gonna
stop taking care of you as your doctor
just because you're [ __ ] broke right
so like they're they're like good
reasons so that's also like a policy
that i lay out with people that i see at
the beginning
but yeah this sounds bad molina like
yeah
yeah and yeah that's why i started like
to not really like open up a lot about
how i felt about things i don't know
everything it feels like every single
time i start talking
like i don't know if he just feels like
stuff like that happens
um do you feel emotionally manipulated
by me
no okay
i don't think so if we keep talking
it'll happen
you really thinks a lot absolutely and
that's when we could really work on it
right so like when it comes up then we
would talk through it and you'd like
learn how to digest it
so anyway more practical advice so how
can you move forward so first thing is
is you know like i said think about
boundaries
be a little bit more of an [ __ ] to
people early on in relationships
yeah okay this is also something that is
like really weird
it's like last time and this happens
like this is happening already so like
last time i talked to you there was so
many people that knows that they hurt me
so much in the past
would like come back and try to like
i don't know like be nice to me or
something like that but then i would
just realize that they wanted something
as well so it was just like really weird
too and like
i don't know it's like and then i feel
bad for like not rip
you know yeah and they know that too
they know that i'm feeling
bad about it too yeah so this is where
they [ __ ] off like don't message me if
you hurt me [ __ ]
i don't want anyone to do that after
this session okay [ __ ] off that's like
how i
because i i can't do it i don't want to
do that yeah yeah yeah
so let's talk about that okay so this is
great so it's like the same patterns
you see that it's like patterns and
that's sort of good it sucks for you
because it sounds awful
but it's also like hopeful because if
there's a pattern you and you change the
whole pattern
your entire life will start to be like
different
so this is where like you know if people
do reach out to you afterward because
they hurt you and they're feeling guilty
yeah you can have a mature i mean this
is where i wouldn't tell them to go [ __ ]
off
because you can get some closure there i
mean you can tell them to go [ __ ] off
but when you're ready i think it's
useful to have conversations about
closure
yeah and you can say hey i haven't
talked to you in eight months just speak
plainly okay i'm gonna give you a
playbook for this
yeah okay so if they're watching this
they'll know the playbook too but this
is good this is good
so just speak plainly and be like be
like okay
what is she doing no no this is good
this is good it's healthy it's healthy
for them too it's healthy for everybody
so just be like hey i haven't heard from
you in eight months
is there a particular reason that you're
reaching out to me now
and then they'll say they'll make some
like they won't actually say it they'll
be like oh i was just wondering how
you're doing
then you can you can say i'm doing okay
thank you for asking
period and then that's it
if they want to engage in a conversation
if they push it further you just let
them know how you feel and you can say
hey i really felt like you know when we
the last time we talked like eight
months ago you said some things to me
that i felt like were sort of like a
betrayal i'm a little bit confused
about what you want from this
relationship
yeah and then if they and this is where
like you're you're gonna when you say
things like that you're gonna feel
guilty because you're like oh my god i'm
making them feel bad oh
how dare i tell them that they hurt me
when they hurt me so much
i can't tell them that they did that
look at how much of a [ __ ] i would be
uh
right but that's you need to be
authentic with them and just say hey
what you did hurt me
and then get like and then they can say
well that's because you were being a
[ __ ]
and then that like that's fine they can
go [ __ ] themselves right you'll see and
sometimes they'll say that and then
sometimes they'll say yeah i'm really
sorry about that
i'm sorry i hurt you it could be could
go either way but either way you get
closure
and then if you also here's also thing
this is like so insane i had like one
person do this and then i found out that
this person
was just doing that to like try to get
information
about me so they could go [ __ ] talk to
other people about me or try to like sit
and laugh and
basically it's like really weird i don't
know like yeah i don't know
i don't know what about you why you
attract all the drama [ __ ] i
i don't know that is beyond my my
expertise but it's like really
there's like a part of it that is really
like this person like this person
[ __ ] idiot and i can see like exactly
what they're doing but then like i just
feel
you know like yeah they're bad so so i
wouldn't i wouldn't tell them
you know if they're like hey melina how
are you doing and if you say
hey i can see what you're doing you're
you're being a [ __ ] manipulative
[ __ ] and you're just trying to get
information
that that's gonna make you sound like a
crazy lady yeah
right it's like i was just asking you if
you wanted to
come on stream because we're playing
among us like
right so so just be like so you want to
test the waters right so you want to be
authentic and vague oh hey i haven't
heard from you in a while what's going
on
and then if the relationship advances
you can let them know hey
you know i'm not quite sure like where
this is gonna go because i still feel
like
pretty hurt and betrayed about like your
actions eight months ago
you know are we gonna and just state it
so this is another thing is like you
like i want to teach you a little jiu
jitsu trick okay
verbal jiu-jitsu which is that you don't
ask questions you just make statements
and then you just be silent and then you
see what they come back with some people
may
authentically want to repair their
relationship with you or they may want
to have
an authentic conversation about they
felt hurt and betrayed about something
that you did but then i think you guys
should
talk about it but the key thing is that
when you feel that guilt like
don't give in to it don't do the
action that alleviates the guilt
because that's exactly what your mom
taught you to do that gets you into
trouble with her
because then you you give in to the
guilt and then you find yourself in a
situation that you detest
okay so
okay where was i all right so number one
you know set boundaries and don't it's
actually on you i think you're the one
who's lacks on them and you let people
get away with it
yeah and then they're going to get
frustrated so be careful about that
guilt early on when you set boundaries
work with a therapist or sign up for a
coach i think this is definitely the
kind of thing that you should work on
it's something that our coaches are
actually pretty good at um
and i think also the two aren't mutually
exclusive so about
maybe 20 of people who come into
coaching
wind up with a therapist because our
coaches will say hey i really think you
should see a therapist
you can do both of them if you want to
whatever
but i really think that you should you
know get a therapist
or a coach or whatever just get some get
someone
who owes you nothing right get someone
in your life
like stephen or it sounds like sometimes
your mom is supportive
but that's tangled right so like you and
stephen are gonna have other kinds of
tensions on your relationship
it also sounds like for whatever reason
you were confiding in bob instead of
stephen which sort of makes sense
i confide in people that are not my wife
because she's my wife
she confides in people that are not me
because problems in your relationship
exactly and then you like
to eventually yeah someone that is
partner so i think it's going to be very
healthy for you to have someone
in your life who
the boundaries are very clear you don't
have to do [ __ ] for them
there's no they're not sacrificing any
viewership on stream by
being your friend or anything like that
where there's like one human being
in your life that for one hour a week is
there for you
in whatever you feel yeah
yeah sounds good thoughts questions
no i think this was really good
yeah okay this is yeah it makes me like
a little bit more
it's very easy like if i talk to stephen
about this he would basically just say
like don't
don't give a [ __ ] about what they think
just move on and it's like okay
like i was supposed to like i mean i
understand what you mean and you're
right but like um
but it's kind of hard to just like feel
that right like it's just hard
to do that so it feels good to like have
someone explaining to me like how
things work then it's easier for me to
like understand myself and like know
like what to do like you think sounds
logical and what you say sounds logical
to me
yeah well i'm glad you found it useful
molina
um you know i think but like i'm really
hopeful for you for what it's worth i
think you
you're a very different person than who
you were in april
i'm sorry yeah
interesting you should go watch that
interview
i hate watching myself i can't do that i
hate watching myself too i can't watch
it either
but anyway i never like if there's like
oh no there's a clip of me that's
popular like
i don't i i can't watch it either i
don't give a [ __ ] about what other
people think about me like that
and i don't really care about hate or
anything um but i
yeah but i can't i can't watch i can
hear my voice and i can't so
so i think you've learned how to start
putting yourself first and i think it's
complicated you may be going too far you
may actually because i think there's one
last thing that i would mention which is
that
you know when people dislike you
you got to be really careful about these
answers like oh it's because they hate
me like they may actually have a genuine
complaint which may have merit
right if people like want to get you
cancelled like
got to be careful because i'm pretty
sure that a lot of people who have
gotten cancelled
would say the same thing which is like
oh haters going to hate they're trying
to get me cancelled whereas like some of
them are really doing things that are
out of line
now i can't envision you doing some of
the things but like
you know there may have there may be a
legitimate criticism in there i don't
know
yeah it's just i it's just i don't know
sometimes i just wonder like how people
can like i don't know i don't like
cancer culture i really don't
like that at all i don't like it either
but yeah it's really weird it's a really
weird thing
um i don't know it's really weird
the same people do that is it makes me a
little sad
i think to see that people want to try
to do that because
the only thing they can see is like
they can't really see like what's going
on i guess so they can't like have
any um they can't really see how the
other person is like feeling about
anything and they're seeing this like
this they're seeing if they try to
cancel me they don't seem as a human
that's what it feels like yeah and
that's as literally
really weird because i try to see
everyone is like i try to understand
everyone you know
i try to um that's why i feel also like
guilty because i try to like understand
all the time like why is this person
doing
yeah but it's weird to like see that
people don't do that
yeah i mean i have a weird response to
that which is like
trying to understand people all the time
is
being a saint it's not being a human
so you should let yourself be human
just like just assume the warriors
hate them no not assume the worst and
hate them but like let yourself feel
hatred right because that's human
you have parts of your brain that are
wired to help you feel hatred
and so like let yourself feel the full
range of things
and that's okay and i think you've been
so this is kind of weird but like you
know if you take
a neutron and then you split it up into
a proton and an electron
like with that positive charge you
create the negative charge
and i think for a lot a lot of time
molina your positivity is like creating
this like
karmic negativity on the other side
and so you know when you're like way way
too positive with people like it winds
up with like negative things
yeah when you're overly forgiving overly
indulgent
overly enabling you create little brats
as children right if you're like a
parent so like just be a little bit
aware of that and it's okay to feel
hatred it's okay to
feel those things don't let them dictate
your actions but don't let the guilt or
the other the positivity dictate your
actions as well
hmm yeah it's almost like um
interesting wait it's it's a it's like a
little bit of the same feeling
as like having sex with someone because
you feel bad for them
it's not good to do that at all because
sometimes you feel so bad for someone so
you're like oh yeah maybe i can do that
like you know like maybe i can just like
let him
you know that sounds so [ __ ] up but
like this is definitely a thing that i
think people do
no i think it's a it's a good example of
you know doing something with good
intentions that doesn't end well
yeah it's like not good for anyone i
think but it's like i don't know um
and molina i don't know how to say this
but if you're pity [ __ ] people
you know that may cause problems in your
inner personal life
yeah exactly especially with the people
that you're pity [ __ ]
i'm not doing that i can't believe we've
been talking about this for an hour and
a half and it comes down to pity [ __ ]
not doing that okay good for you yeah
all right yeah and on that note
no seriously though i think you're i
think you've grown a lot i think you
still have a lot of growing to do
um you know i think it's okay to feel
hatred but also to really try to be like
reflective of people's criticisms
and really try to like find out about
this sort of things like early on like
i'm only 22.
so it's kind of nice to like yeah
because i i assume like the
channel i mean maybe is this true like
the older you get the harder
it's going to be to like get out of like
old patterns
technically yes
but in your case you've got eight to ten
years after which it gets hard
your brain is still pretty malleable for
another decade
yeah i mean my brain is still growing i
guess
yep right yeah so maybe it's like good
to like find out like old
like bad patterns like so i would say
technically it does become harder
like according to our understanding of
neuroscience but practically
i've seen people who are 40 50 and 60
change
a lot yeah like patterns that they've
lived with their entire life like
turning them around in a year or two
that's really nice
yeah that's cool that makes me happy to
hear yeah okay
so um i normally i ask people if they
want to meditate but i just don't know
what it is about today i don't think i
can teach you meditation for which i
apologize
that's fine if you really really want to
learn it i can try to recalibrate myself
and see what i can come up with but just
something about
i don't know what it is i'm just the the
parts of my mind that access what
meditation is appropriate for people
or is like not functioning right now
okay
i could try to do it if i if i um start
talking to someone do they do meditation
as well
the coaches not much
but it's something that we're actually
gonna do advanced training for them
um now so like they've learned a lot of
good stuff but
i think the next thing that we're gonna
teach them is like more meditation but
as healthy gamer we're we're coming up
with
additional meditation resources yeah i
think meditation is so nice i just feel
like it's been really hard to like try
to do something like that but i remember
um there was like i i came to some point
in my life where i just felt really
really bad and then i just like took two
weeks off from everything
and the only thing that i did was like
moving my body like go on walks
go run uh meditated so much
did a lot of mushrooms so it was like
every i just like completely
disconnected from like
myself almost and just beca like step
out of myself for like two weeks
straight
and i felt really really good about
doing that but it yeah it's hard when it
comes to streaming because you feel
stressed all the time like even if
when you turn off the stream you feel
like you're still working you know
yeah um okay i remember that
that was that was really nice so
meditation would be probably really
really good
yeah yeah i'm sorry i just got nothing
i can meditate on my own i think i think
okay especially after like
hearing you say these things it's like
really good for me too yeah because now
i feel like you have a bigger
understanding
and that's really nice yeah okay like
i was kind of like stuck in my head and
now you kind of like open up like a new
path a little bit
that's i'm happy to hear that um i hope
it's a fruitful path for you to walk
down i'm rooting for you
i think i i think you're growing more
than you give yourself credit
and for really nice yeah because i feel
like i'm just like
like i'm just going down there but maybe
like
i don't know it's it's cool to hear that
you're telling me that
i'm like growing but i'm just feeling
bad because i'm growing
yeah so that's that's the tricky thing
right so growing isn't fun
like learning isn't fun
you know if you think about like a kid
who's like throws temper tantrums to get
their way
and they're learning how to not throw
temper tantrums to get their way
it's not fun for the kid they want to
just throw a temper tantrum and get
their way they don't want to like
restrain their emotions and
and grow so like growth is usually
unfortunately painful
which is why actually our learning
circuitry is very closely tied to our
negative emotion circuitry
which is why if you like touch a hot pan
you'll learn like that
right so in a weird way you know but
anyway
so good luck to you you know keep us
posted
and um you know if you do decide to go
you know definitely worthwhile to see an
actual therapist but if you want to
take advantage of the coaching program i
think i already sent you some
information about it but if you run into
trouble you can always let us know
you can also talk to your twitch account
manager about it
okay yeah take care good luck
yeah you too bye-bye you guys already
mitch
oh is destiny streaming uh we'll raid
mitch today we'll raid destiny on
on friday maybe or maybe we'll rate
someone small find some tiny
tiny tiny tiny tiny nut streamer